box factory

bit of standard platforming over a pit or two to get up to a mushroom enemy.
straight forward from here is a bundle of boxes you have to jump across to reach the other side,
the floor here is safe if you fall. and maybe on the other side is a mushroom so that it's more exciting.
anyway at the end you have a drop to the rest of the level, and a coin on the other side.
if you have the stats needed, you can jump all the way across and get it. otherwise, you go down
and head right. here is a tunnel with a pit the whole way through. you have to jump over more boxes to
get across, one of which is actually a *gasp* falling platform!
you make it to the end of the tunnel, and there's a big-ass mushroom on a big-ass box.
you go up and to the right and there's falling platforms that you need to step on to go down.
you do it again but a little to the left of the first one and there's a mushroom to your right.
now you're at the bottom again, a similair sort of tunnel type scenario. you go right and
there's moving platforms going in a rectangular pattern over a pit. coin here if you go up-left.

on the other side is just normal solid terrain, past that is a moving platform going diagonally downward.
but on that platform is a mushroom you need to knock out, or off.
other side of that is just a regular one-tile non-moving box hanging over the pit.
past that are more moving platforms with some of them being of the falling variety.
i really wanna do a line of falling platforms but that means coding it so it will continue walking even
in one-pixel differences of floor height. another coin could go here too so you have to stand on the
falling platform, wait for it to go down, collect the coin, and jump off the platform before dying.
finally you return to solid terrain. just a couple mushrooms on boxes and platforms here and there.
further are two giant mushrooms on moving platforms going up and down.
just past them is the end of the level

pits, 
moving platforms, 
falling platforms
-
big enemies?